Update gen_topo.sh and add a topog edited txt file (#13)
ACCESS-NRI/make_OM3_025deg_topo: edit_025deg_topog_new_fillfraction.txt

#
# This file can be used as an argument for editTopo.py --apply
#

> # Grid-landmask alignment
> # created: Thu Aug  21 2025
> # by: minghangli-uni
> # From mosaic grid version: https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/ocean_model_grid_generator/commit/f95a0c99a32fb1bc51c9d6e400e535780c43ae7e,
> # the land mask is shifted by +10 indices in j from 1142 to 1152.
> # It preserves the wet cells after the grid shift but provides flexibility for layout options and supports half-resolution diagnostics.
> # More info can be found here: https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/ocean_model_grid_generator/issues/5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Grid-landmask alignment
# created: Thu Aug  21 2025
# by: minghangli-uni
# For grids generated after `2025.05.15/ocean_hgrid.nc` , generated using: https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/ocean_model_grid_generator/commit/f95a0c99a32fb1bc51c9d6e400e535780c43ae7e or later,
# the land mask is shifted by +10 indices in j from 1142 to 1152.
# It preserves the wet cells after the grid shift but provides flexibility for layout options and supports half-resolution diagnostics.
# More info can be found here: https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/ocean_model_grid_generator/issues/5
```
